docs/plugins.md, before:

# Plugin guide for nucleus-cli

Plugins allow you to add features to nucleus-cli, such as commands and
extensions to the `toolbox` object that provides the majority of the functionality
used by nucleus-cli.

Creating a nucleus-cli plugin is easy. Just create a repo with two folders:

```
commands/
extensions/
```

A command is a file that looks something like this:

```js
// commands/foo.js

module.exports = {
  run: (toolbox) => {
    const { print, filesystem } = toolbox

    const desktopDirectories = filesystem.subdirectories(`~/Desktop`)
    print.info(desktopDirectories)
  },
}
```

An extension lets you add additional features to the `toolbox`.

```js
// extensions/bar-extension.js

module.exports = (toolbox) => {
  const { print } = toolbox

  toolbox.bar = () => {
    print.info('Bar!')
  }
}
```

This is then accessible in your plugin's commands as `toolbox.bar`.

# Loading a plugin

To load a particular plugin (which has to start with `nucleus-cli-*`),
install it to your project using `npm install --save-dev nucleus-cli-PLUGINNAME`,
and nucleus-cli will pick it up automatically.

Commit message:

chore: rename nucleus by nuke

docs/plugins.md, after:

# Plugin guide for nuke-cli

Plugins allow you to add features to nuke-cli, such as commands and
extensions to the `toolbox` object that provides the majority of the functionality
used by nuke-cli.

Creating a nuke-cli plugin is easy. Just create a repo with two folders:

```
commands/
extensions/
```

A command is a file that looks something like this:

```js
// commands/foo.js

module.exports = {
  run: (toolbox) => {
    const { print, filesystem } = toolbox

    const desktopDirectories = filesystem.subdirectories(`~/Desktop`)
    print.info(desktopDirectories)
  },
}
```

An extension lets you add additional features to the `toolbox`.

```js
// extensions/bar-extension.js

module.exports = (toolbox) => {
  const { print } = toolbox

  toolbox.bar = () => {
    print.info('Bar!')
  }
}
```

This is then accessible in your plugin's commands as `toolbox.bar`.

# Loading a plugin

To load a particular plugin (which has to start with `nuke-cli-*`),
install it to your project using `npm install --save-dev nuke-cli-PLUGINNAME`,
and nuke-cli will pick it up automatically.
